Speaker 1 (00:00):
Madame Vice President, Governor Walz, honored to have you here. [inaudible 00:00:22].

Governor Tim Walz (00:00):

Oh, yeah.

Speaker 2 (01:19):

First of all, I would like to thank our distinguished guests for coming to visit us here at the Liberty County High School. We cannot be more honored to have you visit our school. And right now, I’m going to turn it over to, right now, Minnesota Governor, but our future Vice President Coach Tim Walz.

Governor Tim Walz (01:46):

Thank you all. Director [inaudible 00:01:49], thank you for that. To the staff that’s here, my previous job to this was, of course, public school teacher and coach, which I wear with pride. To all of you, thank you. Thanks for having us in your school. And thanks to all the teams that are here. You kind of embody this idea, and the Vice President talks a lot about it, each of our individual talents, what we can contribute, but something bigger than ourselves when you get together. Your single instrument alone is an amazing thing. But as part of this band, it becomes really amazing.

(02:22)
And then to see a school community. Each and every one of these teams, they said “I coach football a lot,” but all of this is part of doing something bigger. And I think having us in here, stressing why the Vice President says it often, that education is the key to the middle class, a pathway to the middle class, and it shouldn’t burden you with debt to give you an opportunity to get there. I think when we can get into a public school like this, we’re able to see you and tell you it’s not just the teachers here tell you, they know, they do this work, it’s not a cliche, this is truly about building towards the future, and you’re that future.

(02:54)
And so, when we’re in a room like this, it lifts everybody’s spirits, it lifts the country’s spirits. And Vice President talks about that often, about the positive and the joyful work that we can do and the things that we’re trying to make sure happen. I’m just grateful that you’d have us here. I’m grateful to be part of a team with a really great head coach here, and our next President of the United States, Kamala Harris.

Vice President Kamala Harris (03:28):

I’ve been hearing about you incredible young leaders for quite some time, from the players to go through bringing joy to everybody in the stands, to the music that you guys are creating. And so, we wanted to come by, just to let you know that our country is counting on you. All of you. You are leaders, by the very fact that you all are here in this room, doing what you do at this incredible school, doing it as one big team, understanding all of the different parts that fit together to create a team.

(04:10)
You are doing some of the best work any leader can do. And we’re so proud of you. We are counting on you. Your generation, all that you guys stand for, everything you have at stake is what is going to propel our country into the next era of what we can do and we can be. And I want to say to you that you must always lead as you have chosen to lead, understanding you don’t have to ask anybody’s permission to lead. And I think you all have figured that out. You’ve decided to be a leader. And in doing that, you are also role models, right?

(04:52)
Welcome to the role model club. And being a role model means that there are going to be members of your family, people who live in your neighborhood, your classmates who watch you, to see, oh, that’s how it’s done. And in that way, you are showing what hard work can achieve, what discipline can achieve, what teamwork can achieve. And that’s the stuff of great leadership. All of you. And so, we wanted to come by to remind you that our nation is counting on you. We’re so proud of you. Everything you have achieved.

(05:31)
And I will tell you, I was in a band when I was your age, so I know a little bit about… The coach knows about the players and all that you all are doing. It requires a whole lot of rehearsal, a whole lot of practice. Long hours. Sometimes you hit the notes, sometimes you don’t, right? But all that practice makes for beautiful music. And that is a metaphor, that is symbolic for everything that you all will do in your lives, which is you’re going to show what a winning team looks like, you’re going to show what it means to put yourself out on the field, to put yourself in front of people, to have the confidence to do it.

(06:12)
Sometimes you’re going to hit the step right, sometimes you’re not. Sometimes you’re going to win the game, sometimes you may not. But you never let any circumstance knock you down or slow you down, you just keep going at it. That’s who you are. And that’s why we are so confident in everything that you are doing and will continue to our country. Just keep being you and all of the excellence that you’re bringing to everything. Okay? All right. See you later.

Speaker 5 (06:42):

Can we get a group photo? Can we get a group photo? You folks want to stand up and gather in the center? Right here.

(06:42)
Everybody else over here. Can everybody see me? Does everybody see me? I’m taking the photo. Cheerleaders.

(06:42)
…at me, we’re going to do it this way. One, two, three. Ready?

Speaker 6 (06:42):

Okay, watch [inaudible 00:08:05].

Speaker 5 (06:43):

One, two, three. Okay, thank you, everybody.

Speaker 7 (06:43):

C’mon, guys. Let’s go.

Speaker 8 (08:07):

Thank you. Thank you.


