DJ (03:18):
Come on (music) let’s go, let’s go. Hands up. Hand up. Let’s go. Hey. Hold up. Let’s go. I need everybody on their feet right now. I need all sides up, all [inaudible 00:00:35] Let’s go. And we going to go from left to right. Let’s do it Philly. Hey, 1, 2, 3, go. Dance, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Let’s go (music) Let’s go, let’s, let’s go. Hey. Let’s go, let’s go. Hands in the air. Hands in the air. Hands in the air. Let’s go, let’s go, let’s go. When I say Harris, y’all say Walz. Harris.

Audience (03:48):

Walz.

DJ (03:48):

Harris.

Audience (03:48):

Walz.

DJ (03:48):

Harris.

Audience (03:48):

Walz.

DJ (03:48):

Harris.

Audience (03:48):

Walz.

DJ (03:48):

Let’s go. Yeah, hey. Hey (music). Let’s go. Let’s go. Lets’ go. Let’s go. Come on, come on. Hey (music). Okay. Let’s roll. If y’all sick of Donald Trump, I need y’all to say move.

Audience (03:48):

Move.

DJ (03:48):

Say what? Get it out the way. Get it out the way. Get out the way.

Audience (03:48):

Get out the way.

DJ (03:48):

When you tell Trump move. Get out the way. Get out the way. Say what? Move. Let’s go. Hey, hey. Come on, come on, come on. Say what? Lights out. If y’all ready to make history, let me hear you scream one time. Let’s go. Hey. Say what the. One more time. What we telling Trump? Get out the way. Get out the way. Get out the way. I said move, get out the way. Get out the way. Get out the way. I said move. Let’s go. Come on. If y’all ready to make history, let me hear you make some noise. (Music) hands up, hands up. Hands up, hands up. Come on, come on. Come on. Say what? Ain’t that something? Where we go, we win. If y’all ready to make history, make some noise one more time.

Announcer (04:57):

And now, please welcome the West Powelton Steppers and Drum Squad and your Sixers Stixers.

(04:58)
Please welcome the Governor of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, Josh Shapiro.

Josh Shapiro (15:54):

Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. I love you Philly. And you know what else I love? I love being your governor. Thank you very much. Y’all fill my heart and I love you so much. And I want you to know every single day I go to work for you, I put my shoulder to the wheel and I focus on three simple letters in our alphabet, GSD. I focus on getting shit done for all of you. Thank you, thank you, thank you. And I want you to know I am going to continue to pour my heart and soul into serving you every single day as your governor. And I’m going to be working my tail off to make sure we make Kamala Harris and Tim Walz the next leaders of the United States of America. That’s right. Let me tell you about my friend Kamala Harris, someone I’ve been friends with for two decades. She is courtroom tough. She has a big heart. And she is battle-tested and ready to go. Whether in a courtroom, whether fighting as attorney general, whether remembering the people who have oftentimes been left behind when she was sitting in the halls of power in the Senate, Kamala Harris has always understood that you got to be every day for the people. For the people. And she has served with honesty. She has served with dignity, and every step of the way, she’s broken barriers to serve all of us. Now, Philly, hear me on this. That’s a hell of a stark contrast from the guy running on the other side.

Audience (19:34):

Boo.

Josh Shapiro (19:36):

Oh, y’all know who I’m talking about, I guess. You see, we remember here in Philly what it was like when Donald Trump was our president. We remember when he was president, it was more chaos, fewer jobs and less freedom. You see Philly, I know y’all. We walk around with a little bit of a chip on our shoulder because we remember, right? And we remember that it was Donald Trump that ripped away the freedom of millions of American women to make decisions over their own body. We remember that. We remember that.

Audience (20:32):

We’re not going back. We’re not going back. We are not going back.

Josh Shapiro (20:34):

We’re not going back. We are not going back. You’re right. We’re not going back. And here’s the thing, we don’t want to go back, but let’s go back for a second just to remember. Let’s just remember because I think there’s some folks out there that still have a little bit of brain fog, having a hard time remembering what it was like. Now listen, he brought all that chaos and limited our freedoms back when he was president, and let’s be honest, didn’t know what the hell he was doing. He didn’t. But this is serious, gang. He knows what he’s doing now. He does. And the Supreme Court that he has passed has ruled that he is above the law. He’s outside of the law and now he’s got a clear plan. They all wrote it down in that whole Project 2025 thing, and they got a clear plan to take away more of our freedoms. They got a clear plan to use the Justice Department to go against our enemies. They got a clear plan to isolate us in the world.

(22:07)
And let me tell you something, I ain’t going back. I am not going back. I’m not, and neither do you want to go back.

Audience (22:21):

We’re not going back.

Josh Shapiro (22:37):

We are not going back. We’re not going back. No. We’re not. And not only are we not going back, we’re not going into the future with Donald Trump. Not going in the future with him, a guy who has made clear, he’s told us what he wants to do. More chaos, less freedom, and y’all friends, it was Maya Angelou who’s said it. When they tell you who they are-

Audience (23:03):

Believe them.

Josh Shapiro (23:03):

I believe them. And I don’t want to see that. And Donald Trump, well, he’s now got a partner with him. Y’all see that guy? Yeah, J.D Vance. He’s not exactly off to a good start. I think we can all agree on that. But I think part of the reason why he’s not off to a good start is this, and it’s serious. He doesn’t know who he is and he’s not being honest with himself, so he can’t be honest with the American people. He can’t.

Audience (23:37):

He’s a weirdo. He’s a weirdo. He’s a weirdo.

Josh Shapiro (23:54):

So if I hear you right, and I think I do, you’re chanting, “He’s a weirdo.” Man, I love you, Philly. Which means if you’re chanting, he’s a weirdo. Then you heard of my good friend and our next vice president, Tim Walz. Because Tim Walz in his beautiful Midwestern plain-spoken way, he summed up JD Vance the best. He’s a weirdo. And I want to talk about Tim Walz because, Philly, in a minute he’s going to come out here and I want you to give him a whole lot of love. Tim Walz is a great man. Tim Walz is an outstanding governor. Tim Walz is a teacher. Tim Walz is a guardsman. Tim Walz is a great patriot. He is. And I’ll tell you what else, I’ll tell you what else. Tim Walz is a dear friend, and I want you to know Lori and I feel blessed to have Tim and Gwen in our lives. They are outstanding public servants, and I can’t wait for you Philly, the rest of this Commonwealth, and our entire country to get the chance to know the Walz’s, the next vice president and second lady of this nation.

(25:49)
Now, I think it is fitting and it is special that Kamala Harris and Tim Walz have chosen to launch their campaign right here in Philadelphia, in the city of brotherly love and sisterly affection. And importantly, they chose to launch their campaign right here in the birthplace of Real Freedom. The other side, Trump and his sick of fans. Let me you something. They love to talk a good game about freedom, right? They love to cloak themselves in the blanket of freedom all the time. They love to talk a good game. But hear me on this, it’s not freedom to tell our children what books they’re allowed to read. That’s not freedom. It’s not, it’s not. It’s not freedom to say, “You can go to work, but you can’t join a union.” That’s not freedom.

(27:18)
It’s not freedom to tell women what they’re allowed to do with their bodies. That’s not freedom. It’s not. It’s not. It is not. No, it’s not. It is not. And it won’t be that way when Kamala Harris is our president. And it sure as hell isn’t freedom to say, “You can go vote, but he’s going to pick the winner.” That is not freedom. That’s not what Patriots have fought for over the years. It is not. You know what we are for? You know what Kamala Harris and Tim Walz are for? They are for real freedom. They are. The kind of real freedom that comes when we look that young girl in North Philly in the eye and we invest in her public school because we believe in her. We believe in real freedom.

(28:28)
The kind of freedom that comes when we invest in our police and we invest in our communities because we believe that young girl should walk to and from school safely and back to her mama at the end of the night. We believe in real freedom where the young girl can grow up and be whatever she wants. She can be a welder. She can go to college. She can be who she is. That is real freedom, and that is what we are fighting for. We believe in the kind of real freedom where she grows up in a community where she can breathe clean air and drink clean water, and know that she will leave an environment to the next generation that is great for her kids and her grandkids. And Kamala Harris and Tim Walz believe in a real freedom where you can marry who you love and be who you are.

(29:35)
Now, freedom is on the ballot, and our fundamental freedoms are at risk. And I know when it’s at risk, it’s easy to feel uneasy and it’s easy to get down. But let me tell you something, Philly, let me tell you something, Pennsylvania, let me tell you something, America, I am more optimistic than ever before. And the reason I’m more optimistic than ever before is because of all of you, and because of what a band of Patriots started here in our taverns, in our town squares, and at Independence Hall, just a couple miles from here, nearly two and a half centuries ago. You see, they came together, they came together to declare our independence from a king and we’re not going back to a king.

Josh Shapiro (31:00):

… And we’re not going back.

Speaker 1 (31:19):

Not going back! Not going back! Not going back!

Josh Shapiro (31:19):

When they declared that independence from a king, they came together and they said, “We are going to form a union.” Over the last 248 years, the reason why I’m optimistic, the reason why I’m hopeful is because as we’ve written this American story over the last two and a half centuries, it’s been ordinary Americans taking up the baton from those patriots and saying, “We’re going to do extraordinary things.”

(31:54)
Octavius Cato understood that responsibility. Cecil B. Moore understood that responsibility. Gen Z, when they’re organized and on TikTok, understand that responsibility. I’m optimistic today because the task of perfecting our union, the task of defending our fundamental freedoms, it now falls to all of you. To freedom-loving Americans all across these great country, and to the good people of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, who will decide this next election and understand our unique responsibility.

(32:48)
I love you too. This is a moment where we all have to understand that while we’ll see Kamala Harris and Tim Walz’s names on the ballot, that this election isn’t just about their names on this ballot, this election is about all of you and whether or not you’re willing to do this hard work to fight for our freedom, whether or not you’re willing to do this hard work that started here 248 years ago.

(33:25)
I want to just say this, I lean on my family, and I lean on my faith, which calls me to serve, and I am proud of my faith. Now, hear me. I’m not here to preach at y’all, but I want to tell you what my faith teaches me. My faith teaches me that no one, no one is required to complete the task, but neither are we free to refrain from it. That means that each of us has a responsibility to get off the sidelines, to get in the game, and to do our part.

(34:25)
Are you ready to do your part? Are you ready to form a more perfect union? Are you ready to build an America where no matter what you look like, where you come from, who you love, or who you pray to, that this will be a place for you? Are you ready to look the next President of the United States in the eye and say, “Hello, Madam President”? I am too, so let’s get to work.

Speaker 2 (46:24):

Philadelphia, please welcome the National President and Vice President of the United States, Kamala Harris and Tim Walz.

Kamala Harris (49:03):

Good evening, Philadelphia! Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening, everyone. Good evening. Good evening. Ooh, it’s good to be back in Pennsylvania. Let me say on behalf of myself and the first second gentleman of the United States, my husband, Doug Emhoff, thank you for the warm welcome.

(49:40)
Let me just say, it’s good to be here with all of the friends, all of the leaders who are here. I want to thank former Governor Ed Rendell, Senator Bob Casey, who we will re-elect this November, Senator John Fetterman, Mayor Sherrell Parker, and Chairman Jamie Harrison. It is so good to be here with your incredible governor, Josh Shapiro. I’ll say Josh is a dear, dear friend, and an extraordinary leader. He and I have been spending a lot of time together over the years, and I told Josh, look, I am so, so invested in our friendship in doing this together because together with Josh Shapiro, we will win Pennsylvania. We’ll win Pennsylvania. I thank you, Josh. I thank you.

(51:16)
Philadelphia, I launched my campaign for the President of the United States a mere two weeks ago, and it’s been a bit of a whirlwind. Just last night, the delegates to the Democratic National Convention finished voting, and so I stand before you today to proudly announce I am now officially the Democratic nominee for President of the United States. Now we got some work to do. We need to move to the general election and win that. To all the friends, listen, we also need to level set. We are the underdogs in this race, but we have the momentum and I know exactly what we are up against.

(52:42)
Now, many of you know, before I was elected vice president or elected a United States Senator, I was an elected attorney general and before that, elected district attorney. Before that, I was a courtroom prosecutor. In those roles, I took on perpetrators of all kinds. Predators who abused women, fraudsters who scammed consumers, cheaters who broke the rules for their own gain, so hear me when I say I know Donald Trump’s type.

(53:50)
Wait, let me just say… Let me say, hold on, hold on, hold on. This campaign, our campaign, is not just a fight against Donald Trump. Our campaign, this campaign, is a fight for the future. It’s a fight for the future. Pennsylvania, we fight for a future with affordable housing, affordable healthcare, affordable childcare, paid leave. We fight for a future where we build a broad-based economy where every American has the opportunity to own a home, to start a business, and to build wealth.

(55:08)
We fight for a future where we bring down prices that are still too high and lower the cost of living for America’s families so that they have a chance not just to get by, but to get ahead. We fight for a future where we defend our most fundamental freedoms. The freedom to vote, the freedom to be safe from gun violence, the freedom to love who you love openly and with pride, and the freedom of a woman to make decisions about her own body, not having her government tell her what to do. I love you too.

(56:29)
Here’s the thing. Since the day that I announced my candidacy, I’ve set out to find a partner who can help build this brighter future. A leader who will help unite our nation and move us forward. A fighter for the middle class, a patriot who believes, as I do, in the extraordinary promise of America. A promise of freedom, opportunity, and justice not just for some, but for all.

(57:31)
Pennsylvania, I’m here today because I found such a leader. Governor Tim Walz of the great state of Minnesota. To those who know him best, Tim is more than a governor. To his wife, Gwen, he is a husband. To his kids, Hope and Gus, he is a dad. To his fellow veterans, he is Sergeant Major Walz. To the people of Southern Minnesota, for 12 years, he was Congressman. To his former high school students, he was Mr. Walz, and to his former high school football players, he was Coach. Coach. Coach. In 91 days, the nation will know Coach Walz by another name, Vice President of the United States. America, for some folks, they’re just getting to know Coach Walz’s story. I’ll tell you, he is the proud product of a middle class family in rural Nebraska. He is a veteran who served our nation in uniform for more than two decades as a member of the Army National Guard, and he went to college on the GI Bill. He is someone who, long before he entered politics, worked as a teacher. When Coach Walz and his wife, Gwen, moved from his native Nebraska to Minnesota nearly 30 years ago, they both took jobs at the local high school coach. Walz taught social studies, Gwen taught English.

(01:00:54)
After school, Tim was the linebacker’s coach for the football team, where I’ve heard the stories about he had a lnack for using the game of football to teach life lessons. He saw the potential in kids who sometimes didn’t even see it in themselves. Under those Friday night lights, Coach Walz motivated his players to believe they could achieve anything and together, they defied the odds… Hear this out, going from a winless record to the school’s first ever state championship.

Kamala Harris (01:02:20):

And I’ll say, and I’ll add, Tim wasn’t only a role model on the football field. Around that same time, Coach Walz was approached by a student in his social studies class. The young man was one of the first openly gay students at the school and was hoping to start a Gay-Straight Alliance. At a time when acceptance was difficult to find for LGBTQ students, Tim knew the signal that it would send to have a football coach get involved. So he signed up to be the group’s faculty advisor. And as students have said, he made this school a safe place for everybody. In the high school yearbook, the students voted Coach Walz the, “Most inspiring faculty member.”

(01:03:43)
And as I think everyone here can see, Tim Walz was the kind of teacher and mentor that every child in America dreams of having and that every kid deserves. The kind of coach, because he’s the kind of person, who makes people feel like they belong and then inspires them to dream big. And that’s the kind of Vice President he will be. And that’s the kind of Vice President America deserves.

(01:04:42)
So it was Coach Walz’s students who actually helped him decide to run for office. And he served 12 years in Congress representing a purple district as he reached across the aisle to get things done. He was the highest ranking enlisted man to ever serve in the United States Congress, and the top Democrat on the Veterans Committee, and he was known as one of Capitol Hill’s best marksman, winning a bipartisan sharp shooting contest year after year.

(01:05:44)
In Washington, Tim worked to raise the minimum §wage, to protect the freedom of workers to join a union, and he cast one of the critical votes to pass the Affordable Care Act, which of course gave health insurance to tens of millions of Americans. I’m going to tell you, when we win, Tim and I will continue to make the Affordable Care Act even stronger. We will.

(01:06:46)
Now let’s talk about what we’re dealing with on the other side. So on that last topic, if Donald Trump gets the chance, he will end the Affordable Care Act and take us back to a time when insurance companies have the power to deny people with pre-existing conditions. You remember what that was like? Children with asthma, breast cancer survivors, grandparents with diabetes. Well, Governor Walz and I will not let that happen because we believe healthcare should be a right and not just a privilege for those who can afford it. As governor, Tim has continued to fight for working families. He secured paid leave for workers in Minnesota and he refused as governor to allow any student in their public schools to go hungry, so he made school breakfast and lunch free for every child. And Tim Walz and I, we agree about many things including when our middle class is strong, America is strong. And strengthening in the middle class will be my defining goal as I am President of the United States.

(01:08:47)
So Pennsylvania, ours is a fight for the future of the middle class, and it is a fight for freedom. In this moment, we are witnessing a full-on attack against hard fought, hard won freedoms and rights. Take reproductive freedom. Now think about this, Donald Trump said he wants to punish women. And as a result of his actions today in America, one out of three women live in a state with a Trump abortion ban, one out of three. Some of these bans go back to the 1800s, even before women had a right to vote. Think about that.

(01:09:55)
Well, Tim and I have a message for Trump and others who want to turn back the clock on our fundamental freedoms: we’re not going back. We’re not going back. We’re not going back. We’re not going back. We’re not going back. We’re not going back. And so let me say, about Tim Walz, he has shown up to stand against these attacks long before he stood on the stage with me. After Roe was overturned, he was the first governor in the country to sign a new law that enshrined reproductive freedom as a fundamental right. And with Tim Walz by my side, when I am President of the United States and we win majorities in the United States Congress, we will pass a bill to restore reproductive freedom, and I will properly sign it into law.

(01:11:28)
Tim Walz has also defended the sacred freedom to vote. As Governor, he signed the most significant expansion of voting rights in Minnesota in over 50 years. And with Governor Walz’s help when I am President, we are going to finally pass the John Lewis Voting Rights Act and the Freedom to Vote Act. We’re going to get it done. So Tim is a hunter and a gun owner who believes, as the majority of gun owners do that, we need reasonable gun safety laws in America. So as governor, he expanded background checks and increased penalties for illegal firearm sales. And together, when we win in November, we are finally going to pass universal background checks, red flag laws and an assault weapons ban.

(01:13:05)
Through his work, Tim, the way I think about it, he really does shine a light on a brighter future that we can build together. In his state, he has been a model chief executive. And with his experience, I’m telling you, Tim Walz will be ready on day one. In fact, when you compare his resume, shall we, to Trump’s running mate, well, some might say it’s like it’s a matchup between the varsity team and the JV squad. So Pennsylvania, ultimately in this election, we each face a question, what kind of country do we want to live in? A country of freedom, compassion and rule of law? Or a country of chaos, fear and hate? And here’s the beauty of our democracy, we each have the power to answer that question. We each have the power to answer that question. The power is with the people. We love our country, and I believe it is the highest form of patriotism to fight for the ideals of our country. That is how we preserve the promise of America. And after all, the promise of America is what makes it possible? For two middle-class kids, one, a daughter of Oakland, California who was raised by a working mother, the other, a son of the Nebraska Plains who grew up working on a farm, it’s the promise of America because only in America, only in America, is it possible for them together to make it all the way to the White House. Only in America. Only in America. Only in America.

Crowd (01:16:55):

USA, USA, USA, USA

Kamala Harris (01:16:55):

That’s right. That’s right. That’s right.

Crowd (01:16:55):

USA, USA, USA, USA.

Kamala Harris (01:17:10):

And so Coach Walz and I may hail from different corners of our great country, but our values are the same. And we both believe in lifting people up, not knocking them down. He and I, we both know the vast majority of people in our country have so much more in common than what separates them. When we look at folks we see in our fellow Americans neighbors, not enemies, not enemies. And so my promise to you is this, our campaign will reach out to everyone from red states to blue states, from the heartland to the coast in rural, urban, suburban, and tribal communities. We are running a campaign on behalf of all Americans. And when elected, we will govern on behalf of all Americans.

(01:18:36)
And so with Tim Walz by my side and with all of you at our side, let us fight for the promise of our future. And with that, I ask Pennsylvania, are you ready to make your voices heard? Do we believe in freedom? Do we believe in opportunity? Do we believe in the promise of America? And are we ready to fight for it? And when we fight, we win. And now welcome the next Vice President of the United States, Tim Walz.

Tim Walz (01:19:36):

Wow. Thank you. Wow. Thank you Philadelphia. Thank you Madam Vice President for the trust you put in me, but maybe more so thank you for bringing back the joy. I’m thrilled to be on this journey with you and Doug, this incredible journey.

(01:20:33)
And Pennsylvania, I know you know this, but my God, what a treasure you have in Josh Shapiro. Holy hell can this guy bring the fire. He can bring the fire. This is a visionary leader. Also, I have to tell you, everybody in America knows when you need a bridge fixed, call that guy. And I think sometimes we forget and you see people a little one-dimensional, but seeing a guy who cares so deeply about his family, a man with compassion, vision, and I’ll have to tell you this, I know this from experience, there is no one you would rather go to a Springsteen concert in Jersey with than him, than that guy.

(01:21:28)
And I can’t wait for all of you and America to get to know my incredible wife, Gwen, a 29-year public school educator. Don’t ever underestimate teachers. And our two beautiful kids, Hope and Gus.

(01:22:11)
I couldn’t be prouder to be on this ticket and to help Vice President Harris become what we all know is very, very good for us to think about, next President of the United States of America. From her first day as a prosecutor, as a district attorney, attorney general of the great state of California, a United States Senator and Vice President of the United States, Vice President Harris has fought on the side of the American people. She took on the predators, she took on the fraudsters, she took down the transnational gangs, she stood up against powerful corporate interest and she never hesitated to reach across the aisle if it meant improving people’s lives. And I want all of you to hold this, and don’t ever underestimate the power of this, she does it all with a sense of joy.

(01:23:37)
I know a little something about that commitment to people. I was born in West Point, Nebraska. I lived in Butte, a small town of 400 where community was a way of life. Growing up, I spent the summers working on the family farm. My mom and dad taught us, “Show generosity towards your neighbors and work for a common good.” My dad served in the army during the Korean War and with his encouragement, at 17 I joined the Army National Guard. For 24 years I proudly wore the uniform of this nation. The National Guard gave me purpose. It gave me the strength of a shared commitment to something greater than ourselves and just as it did for my dad and millions of others, the GI Bill gave me a shot at a college education. My dad was a teacher, my brothers and sisters and I followed in their footsteps. Three out of four of us married teachers, what we do. For nearly 20 years, I had the privilege of teaching high school social studies and coaching football, including winning that state championship. Thank you. Don’t ever close the yearbook. Don’t ever.

(01:25:32)
But it was my students, they encouraged me to run for office. They saw in me what I was hoping to instill in them, a commitment of common good, a belief that one person can make a difference. So in 2006, I took a leap and I ran for Congress. And because high school teachers are super optimistic, I was running in a district that had won Democrat since 1892. Well, my neighbors graced me with an opportunity to represent them in the United States House of Representatives.

(01:26:21)
I’m proud of the work we did there together. I worked across the aisle on veterans’ issues, on agriculture and on ways to grow rural economies. I learned the art of compromise without compromising my values. And now as Governor of the great state of Minnesota, I bring those experiences to bear in tackling the challenges that are facing our great state. Minnesota’s strengths comes from our values, our commitment to working together, to seeing past our differences, to always being willing to lend a helping hand. Those are the same values I learned on the family farm and tried to instill in my students. I took it to Congress and to the state capitol, and now Vice President Harris and I are running to take those very values to the White House.

(01:27:26)
Now, Donald Trump sees the world a little differently than us. First of all, he doesn’t know the first thing about service. He doesn’t have time for it because he’s too busy serving himself. Again and again and again Trump weakens our economy to strengthen his own hand. He mocks our laws, he sows chaos and division. And that’s to say nothing of his record as President. He froze in the face of the COVID crisis. He drove our economy into the ground, and make no mistake, violent crime was up under Donald Trump. That’s not even counting the crimes he committed. Some of us in here are old enough to remember… I see you down there, I see those old white guys, some of us are old enough to remember when it was Republicans who were talking about freedom. It turns out now what they meant was the government should be free to invade your doctor’s office. In Minnesota, we respect our neighbors and their personal choices that they make. Even if we wouldn’t make the same choice for ourselves, there’s a golden rule: mind your own damn business. These guys are after my heart chanting ‘Mind your own business’. That feels good, so thank you.

(01:30:13)
Look, that includes IVF, and this gets personal for me and my family. When my wife and I decided to have children, we spent years going through infertility treatments and I remember praying every night for a call for good news. The pit in my stomach when the phone rang and the agony when we heard that the treatments hadn’t worked. So it wasn’t by chance that when we welcomed our daughter into the world, we named her Hope. When Vice President and I talk about freedom, we mean the freedom to make your own healthcare decisions and for our children to be free to go to school without worrying they’ll be shot dead in their classrooms.

(01:31:23)
By the way, as you heard, I was one of the best shots in Congress, but in Minnesota, we believe in the Second Amendment, but we also believe in common sense gun violence laws. Vice President Harris’ idea of freedom is a ticket for education. To be that ticket to the middle class, not crippling debt. Air that’s clean, water that’s pure, communities that are safe. A place where we settle our political differences not through violence, but with our votes.

(01:32:10)
And that’s what this election’s about. What direction will this country go in? He’s not going back. Well, Donald Trump would sure take us backwards, let’s be clear about that. And don’t believe him when he plays dumb, he knows exactly what Project 2025 will do to restrict our freedoms, to rig the economy to help the super rich. If Trump gets a chance to return, he’s going to pick up exactly where he left off four years ago, only this time

Tim Walz (01:33:00):

And it will be much, much worse. Raising costs on middle-class family. He will repeal the Affordable Care Act, no doubt about it. He’ll gut Social Security and Medicare. And when somebody tells you are, they believe him, he said he’d ban abortion across this country and he’ll do it. Whether or not Congress is there or not. Donald Trump’s not fighting for you or your family. He never sat at that kitchen table like the one I grew up at, wondering how we were going to pay the bills. He sat at his country club up in Mar-a-Lago, wondering how he can cut taxes for his rich friends.

(01:33:48)
And I got to tell you, his running mate shares his dangerous and backward agenda for this country. J. D. Vance literally, literally wrote the forward for the architect of the project 2025 agenda. Like all regular people I grew up with in the Heartland, J. D, studied at Yale. Had his career funded by Silicon Valley billionaires, and then wrote a bestseller trashing that community. Come on. That’s not what Middle America is. And I got to tell you, I can’t wait to debate the guy. That is, if he’s willing to get off the couch and show up.

(01:34:59)
You see what I did there?

(01:35:07)
I got to tell you, pointing out just an observation of mine that I made. I just have to say it. You know it, you feel it. These guys are creepy and yes, just weird as hell. That’s what you see. That’s what you see. So you know what’s out there. So say it with me, we aren’t going back.

Crowd (01:35:49):

We aren’t going back.

Tim Walz (01:35:51):

We aren’t going back. We are not going back.

Crowd (01:36:02):

[inaudible 01:36:02].

Tim Walz (01:36:04):

So we got 91 days. My God, that’s easy. We’ll sleep when we’re dead. Over those next 91 days and every day in the White House, all have vice President Harris’ back, every single day. And we’ll have yours. You know how this works. We can’t do it alone. We need you. Each and every one of you. Go over to KamalaHarris.com, get on board because we need you. Freedom make our own choices. This leader, this compassionate, careful, joyous leader, believes in each and every one of you.

(01:37:18)
My God, you came here tonight, [inaudible 01:37:21] at the very top because you love this country and you’re not going back. She believes in the opportunity for every single person to join the middle class. She believes in the promise of America. We just got to fight. We just got to fight. Because as soon-to-be President Harris says, “When we fight, we win.”

(01:37:58)
Thank you, Philadelphia. Thank you Vice President. God bless America.

